OSDOCS-16939: DITA abstracts — OLM understanding topics (#115281)
openshift/openshift-docs: operators/understanding/olm-multitenancy.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> In multitenant {product-title} clusters, default Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) installation behavior favors simplicity and often requires installing Operators in *All namespaces* mode with wide privileges. You can choose an Operator installation workflow that limits tenant access while still enabling required Operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behavior for Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) aims to provide simplicity during Operator installation. However, this behavior can lack flexibility, especially in multitenant clusters. In order for multiple tenants on 
ifndef::openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp,openshift-dedicated[]
an {product-title} 
endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp,openshift-dedicated[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp,openshift-dedicated[]
a {product-title} 
endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp,openshift-dedicated[]
cluster to use an Operator, the default behavior of OLM requires that administrators install the Operator in *All namespaces* mode, which can be considered to violate the principle of least privilege.
```
